Impossible, my Zhao family controls Hengyuan Group
Also need to acquire his property
Shut up, Hengyuan is Mr. Lu's asset
He's the big guy
The garrison army enters the Hengyuan Group as a substitute
Zhao Xiaren Hengyuan Group is his
The more than 10 billion congratulatory gifts were also given by him.
That is the leading enterprise in Jiangcheng
It is the existence of a brand wealthy family
He's definitely not an ordinary person
Lu Yuan, it's true
Hengyuan Group, is this you?
If false, replace it.
Hengyuan is the bride price I prepared for you
Mr. Lu, I was wrong
I don't dare anymore.
Stay, he's disturbing my eyes, go away
Brother Sun, Brother Sun, save me
I am for your Sun family
Didn't your Sun family lineup reach the sky?
It's okay to get involved
I can't let you go anyway
Respectable and humiliating purpose
Even if Long Wan didn't dump you
Even if you are the chairperson of Hengyuan Group
You think you can compete with me
Long Wan is not here
You have grown a lot of courage, haha.
Dragon horse grows again
Can't change your destiny